Welcome to Makemytaxes,we are an accounting and tax preparation firm that provides all kinds of accounting and tax preparation services for Individual and businesses that include Corporation, partnerships and Proprietorship. So here we will help you to prepare and file your federal income tax return for free if you meet below eligible criteria.
 
1) You need to have following things ready with you

Personal Information You Need
--A copy of last year's tax return(if any)
--Valid Social Security numbers for yourself and your spouse, if applicable

Income and Receipts
--All receipts pertaining to your Income,if applicable
--Income receipts from rental, real estate, royalties, partnerships, S corporation, trusts

Other income
--W-2s, showing your annual wages from all of your employers
--Forms 1099-INT, showing interest paid to you throughout the year
--Form 1099-G, showing any refund, credit or offset of state and local taxes
--Forms 1099-DIV and Forms 1099-R, showing dividends and distributions from retirement and other plans paid to you during the year

2)To qualify, you must have an AGI of $64,000 or less and be between the ages of 17 and 50, or be eligible for the EITC
Or
To qualify, you’ll need to have made less than $100,000, have no substantial medical bills and not claim any rental, investment or business income







Name Your Price

Paying taxes isn’t fun, but it’s something we all have to do. So don't get disheartened if you do not get qualify for free federal filing. Makemytaxes gives you a very unique opportunity to get services of Accounting and Tax preparation at the price you want i.e pay only for what you want. 

To avail this service you have to just follow the below steps:-
1)Makemytaxes is already providing best market price for various services, which you can view by visiting our Pricing page. 

2)Also you can look up other websites for the market price of various Accounting & Tax preparation services.

3)Come back to our website, on this Name Your Price Page and suggest a price in below form which is lower than our existing plans or market price.

4)Our team will reach out to discuss on the same.









Free Tax Advice

Why you need tax advice?
Whether you are worried about a possible audit from the IRS or a collective action being taken against you? The professional experts at Makemytaxes are always here to assist you with all of your tax needs. Taxes can be stressful and confusing for some while some may choose to prepare its own returns, but consulting with an accountant every few years helps you keep up with both changes in the tax law and changes in your life that affect your tax situation. So take advantage of our free tax consultation and we will start helping you immediately.

Why you should choose us?
No matter what your income level, you don't have to worry about filing your taxes by yourself as we will guide through our Office and Phone Line. Makemytaxes is always available to provide all kinds of advice regarding Accounting and Tax Preparation through Office,Phone and Emails.

We offers free one-on-one expert tax advice from experienced tax professionals on the phone.











Free help by Mail

Sometimes Individiual feels hesitant or thinks that they can't discuss everything on Phone, so at Makemytaxes we provide unlimited email support to get free help whenever you need.

At Makemytaxes to get help, all you might need to do is ask and we are always available to help you.

All your questions will be answered by experienced tax professionals through emails.

Whether you are Individual or small business, you don't have to worry about your taxes as we always have your back when it comes the IRS and state tax authorities.

Email customer support is available with all our plans,all of our services come at an affordable fixed cost, meaning you won’t be surprised by any hidden fees or bills for hourly rates.









